And this is of course, you all know, Vadiyana teaching. This is the Vadiyana teaching, which is the
Buddha Shatyamani Sri, the highest teaching, teaching among all His teachings, highest.
And the one that actually means highest, highest bell or famous teaching, reality, it means because
this teaching will connect to the enlightenment of true nature,
exactly as it is directly, right now, to direct that. And therefore, it's called highest teaching
or more direct, more swept teachings, directed things.
And that goes, what that means also then, this is like the lower teaching or the basic Buddhism
teaching won't connect to the enlightenment.
Yes, it will connect to the enlightenment, but it will take little longer, little longer and it
takes time.
But Vadiyana teaching is directed for those reasons. Vadiyana teaching has full of skillful means,
not just a wonderful skillful means,
a lot of skillful means to discover this nature. And then at the same time, it has a lot of
techniques, methods, and the sutra won't have exactly all that.
And then, because since you're using a lot of skillful means and a lot of beautiful techniques,
also you don't have too much hardships, difficulties that you have to do.
And therefore, Vadiyana teaching is all those reasons known as highest teaching or direct teaching.
And again, that means it connects directly to the nature of where things are.
Nature of where things are, I said the other day, and many of you know, is all enlightened status,
reality level, everything is enlightened status.
Vadiyana teaching pointed out three gradual status. Many of you heard these things, and include
myself, I heard that too.
And also, Inazoka teaching is all three highest status. And many times, we had all these great
blessings from the states.
Reality, yes, it is all true, exactly as it is according to the teaching of the Buddha. But the
first time, we don't see that.
Why? Because of habit pattern. Habit pattern blockage that we created by our own mind. Nobody
forced us, nobody forced us, nobody said that to do, but by ourselves.
We created such immense heaviness, thickness of the habit pattern, that blood.
When we start this blockage of the habit pattern, that's what, again, the great teaching says, from
the biggest time, the biggest time.
Our life here is not just the beginning, our life is not the last, and also our life is not just
the end.
It is continuation according to Buddhism. Life goes on and on, like turning a page, turning a page.
Every line is like chapters. A chapter goes on and on. Our book of our life is big, big, big
chapters.
One happen, a page is continually turning, and a chapter is continually merging to the next.
We created all that habit patterns, whatever we did, in our self-confidence storehouse, or our
mental status, or our mental, what's called, eye-clothes.
And to eye-clothes, we kept every hour deeds and activities in that status. We kept that. It's not
going to end easy.
That is known as habit patterns. That's God.
In habit patterns, present time, we are habit patterns that are saturated by the grasping, clean
ings.
There is good habit patterns and unnecessary, unhealthy habit patterns.
We are more lined with unnecessary, unhealthy habit patterns because of the unhealthy ego-cling
activities.
Ego-clinging becomes our boss, ruling our whole environment of the mental status.
As I said the other day, ego-clinging is a self-distant attitude of the mental status.
It is emotion, it is darkness, ignorance, it is prayerful, it is arrogance, and then it has all
those poisons combined with this.
And when that merge, when that begins to act, it always acts as unhealthy things, unhealthy things
most of the time.
That habit pattern is fired upon up and up.
And so now our practice, our operations teacher, Buddha pointed out with the techniques and the
skill to me,
method and all, in particular vedayana, we follow the teachings, we follow the instructions.
This instruction is also not something that we have to do, strange things or something different
things.
We just apply what we have already equipped ourselves.
We have revealed all the tools and techniques as Buddha pointed out.
That is then known as, which will begin with our practice, as I always said and other great masters
say too.
I am just following humbly with all those great masters what they say.
Bring more joy and appreciation. Joy and appreciation is the tools of the two.
Despair, that darkness of the ignorance and how this ego cleans, joy and appreciation of the good
things.
We are not joy and appreciation of the ego's activity, but we are joy and appreciation of our real
college,
of the true nature and oppressionism.
So bring up joy and appreciation as a seedling qualities, seedling qualities, freshness qualities,
joy and appreciation.
We have so many reasons, you know, we are all very highly intelligent beings.
Beings and staff, students, started animals, so many high duties, educated person.
You know we have so many reasons to bring up joy and appreciation.
As I said the other day, joy and appreciation is not with deterring from the dharma practices.
That is very foundation of the dharma, dharma, joy and appreciation.
Seedling qualities, then bring up more compassion which is also known as bodhicam.
Really bring up seedling, fresh compassion.
And then bring more purity, understanding and with devotion.
We have the seedling energy of joy and appreciation, compassion and purity, understanding and
devotion.
Truly we are great practitioners.
Realization will dawn immediately or soon.
Not going to stop in so many years, up in the dawns and ups in the dawns.
All that really will come. So easy. That is guaranteed.
Guaranteed what called? Guaranteed? Money back.
And we have the seedling knowledge of the devotion and joy and appreciation and freshness, deep
compassion and purity, understanding or even devotion.
The realization is right in our hand. Your hand and my hand.
Why our realization and progress of dharma is taking so long sometimes.
It tells our joy and appreciation.
Devotions in both each other are not so active.
They are called sleeping beauties.
They are sleeping. Let that rise up. That is really.
If we have that, then we are great practitioners.
Otherwise if we do practice dharma, chanting, meditation, whatever,
all these almost become kind of intellectuals.
Dry. Dry.
But when you have that, truly it is freshening, it is reactivating, it is pure, it is rewarding,
it is competence where confidence is more than confidence.
It is really brings such a perfectly beautiful goal that what we all look at.
So that is what with joy and appreciation.
With joy those all important.
With this those which were taught and then we begin to practice such as this.
Friends, now.